docs: Update 2.sign-cla (#32)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Community: content/2.sign-cla.md

---

<!-- In the file, you explain how the cla can be signed. -->
# Contributor License Agreement

> This page presents the full Contributor License Agreement (CLA) that will be asked to any code contributor. The version below is the current version on the 22st of September 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page presents the full Contributor License Agreement (CLA) that will be asked to any code contributor. The version below is the current version on the 22nd of September 2023.
```

> This page presents the full Contributor License Agreement (CLA) that will be asked to any code contributor. The version below is the current version on the 22st of September 2023.

Reviewer 2: non ce n'est pas la bonne date. le cla a été mis en place le 23 juin 2023

Author: merci, c'est corrigé!

___

## Individual Contributor Exclusive License Agreement

## (including the Traditional Patent License OPTION)

Thank you for your interest in contributing to ANEO's ArmoniK ("We" or "Us").

> The purpose of this contributor agreement ("Agreement") is to clarify and document the rights granted by contributors to Us. To make this document effective, please follow the instructions at csp website.

Reviewer: Can you add the link of "csp website"?

To tackle this issue some projects require a full copyright assignment to be signed by all contributors. The problem with such assignments is that they often lack checks and balances that would protect the contributors from potential abuse of power from the new copyright holder.

FSFE’s Fiduciary License Agreement (FLA) was created by the Free Software Foundation Europe e.V. with just that in mind – to concentrate all deciding power within one entity and prevent fragmentation of rights on one hand, while on the other preventing that single entity from abusing its power. The main aim is to ensure that the software covered under the FLA will forever remain Free Software.

This process only serves for the transfer of economic rights. So-called moral rights (e.g. authors right to be identified as author) remain with the original author(s) and are inalienable.

### How to use this FLA

> If You are an employee and have created the Contribution as part of your employment, You need to have Your employer approve this Agreement or sign the Entity version of this document. If You do not own the Copyright in the entire work of authorship, any other author of the Contribution should also sign this – in any event, please contact Us at email

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If You are an employee and have created the Contribution as part of your employment, You need to have Your employer approve this Agreement or sign the Entity version of this document. If You do not own the Copyright in the entire work of authorship, any other author of the Contribution should also sign this – in any event,  please contact Us at armonik@aneo.fr
```

#### 2.3 Copyright license back to You

Upon such grant of rights to Us, We immediately grant to You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable license, with the right to transfer an unlimited number of non-exclusive licenses or to grant sublicenses to third parties, under the Copyright covering the Contribution to use the Contribution by all means, including, but not limited to:

* publish the Contribution,
* modify the Contribution,
* prepare derivative works based upon or containing the Contribution and/or to combine the Contribution with other Materials,
* reproduce the Contribution in original or modified form,
* distribute, to make the Contribution available to the public, display and publicly perform the Contribution in original or modified form.

This license back is limited to the Contribution and does not provide any rights to the Material.

> ### 3\. Patents

Reviewer 3: Why do you need the `\` here and not for 8 ?
